what's up you so fans for hockey
representing Tamara foundry welcome to
episode 2 of the eso shot now for some
reason your dog ate your internet or
your crazy acts ex-boyfriend or
girlfriend destroyed your computer and
you missed the first episode don't cry I
got your back I'll put a link in the
description below anyways I got some
great things in store for you today in a
short amount of time are we talking
about a couple of pre III interviews
with Matt fire and Paul sage and to
finish off the episode we're doing the
first ever be so shot challenge if you
want to know what the hell that is just
stay tuned now let's talk some elder
scrolls online discussion first what we
talking about the buff de interview with
Paul stage over in Germany well let me
say these Germans asked some damn good
questions but I want to focus on three
pieces of information that came out of
that interview the first one you can
feed your mount how cool is that you can
feed your mouth now how is that going to
work I don't know they didn't give
details but let me give this poor hawk
theory of how that's gonna work I think
that you're going to get a regular
greenmount let's say sixty percent run
speed and depending what you give your
mount is in a pen whether you have a
rare mount with rare mount speed I don't
know eighty percent versus epic which is
a hundred percent Mountain speed now
depending on these rare items that you
feed your amount they can make it hard
to get or you know not as hard to get I
think it's a cool alternative to you
know just regular training your mount to
an epic mount I think it's got a lot of
potential we'll see what comes out with
that the second thing I want to talk
about is the pde they flat out said or
Paul says flat out said it's not going
to be a while rate no boss mechanics
ones like that but there's going to be
things in the dungeon or the adventure
raid made for 24 players actually you're
going to be able to do so don't take
boss mechanics but dick dungeon
mechanics for all u wot players you
remember that last Boston blackwing lair
how a lot of bosses came out of the a
lot of mobs came out of different areas
in the zone you all had to work together
CC couple the mobs so that don't
overwhelm your group I think it's gonna
be a lot like that that even said they
even finalized PD they're still working
on it so there's more to follow on that
fellas and the last thing on that any of
you want to talk about is that gills are
joined with your account and not your
characters that's right you can pretty
much doing a guild on separate factions
what I don't know how I feel about that
we'll see how that plays out but
personally just leave the factions alone
in pvp I don't want no treacherous
person saying what we're telling the
enemy we're going to be doing no no but
that's just me we'll see the second
interview will be talking about is a
connected world interview with Matt
fibroid first let me say they do have
ants in his pants he couldn't stay
sitting down he was looking everywhere
Paul state he definitely had a better
interview than Matt fire are a couple
things I want to talk about that
interview number one he kept on saying
the game's gonna come out when it comes
out when it's ready which is a good
thing he didn't want to convince that
2013 date 2013 date anymore I don't
blame him you know he wants to make a
ready game for all this gamer fans so
doesn't you know fill me with confidence
the game is coming out in 2013 but who
knows second thing Danity shops you
pretty much said there's going to be
many of energy shops in there I like I
like this does it kind of give away what
the business model is going to be maybe
perhaps I don't know my opinion and not
I'd rather I'm saying is I rather have a
subscription model my opinion is that
they're going to be a by to play game
why they're catering they're gonna be
catering to both side from the Elder
Scrolls side and MMO side I think
there's a lot more Elder Scrolls fans
who don't know what the hell is
subscription fees you know so they're
gonna make like yours to make it a buy
to play game with vanity shops you can
buy stuff in the shop not make it you
know by to win or anything p to win or
anything like that that's just my
opinion okay and the third things at 150
hours of quest time holy Daniel Batman
that's a lot of time I don't know I like
ah that's a lot of time I'll be able to
invest in the game anyways enough of
that talk now for the first-ever you so
shocked catch it's about that time for
the first-ever ESO shot challenge know
what is this exactly this is where I
asked a special guest
10 quick questions and I expect 10
quickfire answers in return and today I
have invited none other than felt Lord
from ESO after dark what's up fellas how
you doing man and don't probably well
glad to be here how you done I would
standing so fellow you ready for this
brother I'm ready bringing on let's get
started first question what race do you
pan to play another scrolls online easy
all right okay who was your favorite
Skyrim MPC easy not a clue because I
just played through for the speed okay
if you were a superhero what would your
power be easily power ring Green Lantern
great a super hero of all time what
faction do you plan to play any so all
married amendment when I dance I look
like beached whale I was gonna say a
gimp Quasimodo but that's cool too
brother first person or third person
first of all leveling third well rating
what is the meanest thing you've ever
said to somebody just about everything
that comes out of my mouth is mean so
that's a tough one what weapon type do
you plan to play an older scrolls online
dual wield what is the strangest thing
you've every probably cicada soup what
anyways last question who was your
favorite ESO after dark co-host say
myself don't hurt my feelings man hurt
my feelings anyways fellow thanks for
being our first ever participate in the
eso shot challenge guys as always if you
want to talk to other schools online
come visit us at Tamra foundry com and
this is it spore Hawk out cool